Wait for the rescue and rescue work to be done from scratch!
The galaxy is gone! Don’t leave!
It’s not like I just showed off. Simply awesome!
This is the best variety show I have ever seen!
Silent teacher! Silent teacher!
Why are you acting like that? There is something else going on in this show.
You even have to ask about the danger, maybe there is none,
After all your long term attention.
Silly teacher, due to your party status issue,
Our kind of program cannot be understood.
Like my former teacher, why can't I apologize to you?
If you are still willing to continue the show
My party spirit is ready at any time
I will help you with all the resources and capital.